API Allow users to pass `DistanceMetric` objects to `metric` keyword argument  in `neighbors.KNeighborsRegressor` (#26267)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.4.rst

  :pr:`13649` by :user:`Samuel Ronsin <samronsin>`, initiated by
  :user:`Patrick O'Reilly <pat-oreilly>`.

> :mod:`sklearn.neighbors`
> ............................

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:mod:`sklearn.neighbors`
........................
```

> - |API| The :class:`neighbors.KNeighborsRegressor` can now accept
>   :class:`metric.DistanceMetric` objects directly via the `metric` keyword
>   argument allowing for the use of accelerated third-party
>   :class:`metric.DistanceMetric` objects.
>   :pr:`26267` by :user:`Meekail Zain <micky774>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |API| :class:`neighbors.KNeighborsRegressor` now accepts
  :class:`metric.DistanceMetric` objects directly via the `metric` keyword
  argument allowing for the use of accelerated third-party
  :class:`metric.DistanceMetric` objects.
  :pr:`26267` by :user:`Meekail Zain <micky774>`
```
